The effect of elemental sulfur fertilization on plant yields and soil properties
The Effect of Various Types of Biochar Mixed with Mineral Fertilization on the Development and Ionome of Winter Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) Seedlings and Soil …
Maize and wheat response to drought stress under varied sulphur fertilisation
Sulfur application alleviates chromium stress in maize and wheat
Content of selenium in arable soils near Wroclaw
The effect of phosphorus and potassium precision fertilization upon changes in the content of the soluble form of these elements in soil.
Wplyw nawozenia siarka elementarna na zawartosc mikroelementow w roslinach i glebach. Cz. II. Mangan i zelazo
Zawartosc mikroelementow w ziarnie i slomie wybranych odmian pszenicy ozimej
Towards circular economy: Sustainable soil additives from natural waste fibres to improve water retention and soil fertility
Sklad chemiczny roslin uprawnych na terenach oddzialywania hut miedzi. Cz. II-Miedz i olow
Modification of Butters-Chenery method for determination of total sulfur in plants and soil
Wplyw siarki siarczanowej i elementarnej na plon i sklad chemiczny roslin oraz wlasciwosci chemiczne gleby
The content of microelements in grain and straw of selected winter wheat cultivars
The effect of soil and foliar sulphur application on winter wheat yield and soil properties
The effect of foliar applied fertilizer ekolist on the yield and chemical composition of spring wheat.
The effect of sowing date of facultative wheat varieties cultivated on silt-loam soil on yield and plant morphology.
Zawartosc mikroelementow w osadach sciekowych z wybranych oczyszczalni wojewodztwa dolnoslaskiego
nawozenia siarka elementarna na zawartosc mikroelementow w roslinach i glebach. Cz. I. Cynk, miedz
skladu kompleksu sorpcyjnego gleb na zawartosc skladnikow mineralnych w kupkowce
Effect of elementary sulphur fertilization on the content of micronutrients in plants and soils. Part I. Copper and zinc
Impact of different forms of nitrogen fertilizer on the content and uptake of microelements in sorghum
Modyfikacja metody Buttersa i Chenery'ego oznaczania siarki ogólnej w roślinach i glebie
Wplyw regulatorow wzrostu na sklad chemiczny zdzbel wybranych odmian pszenicy ozimej
Reakcja odmian pszenicy ozimej na stosowane regulatory wzrostu
The influence of different potassium and nitrogen fertilization on the plant yield and medium soil properties
zroznicowanego nawozenia potasem i azotem na plon roslin oraz wlasciwosci gleby sredniej
Comparison of the variable potassium fertilization on light and heavy soils
The effect of long-term phosphorus and potassium precision fertilization
Effect of retardants on blade growth and content of microelements (Fe, Mn, Zn, Cu) in the grain and stalks of spring wheat cultivars.
Effect of different forms of copper compounds on Cu uptake by plants
Impact of selected industrial works on the content of heavy metals in soil and plants
The Effect of Various Forms of Sulfur on Soil Organic Matter Fractions and Microorganisms in a Pot Experiment with Perennial Ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.)
Effect of retardants on the content of selected macroelements in winter wheat cultivarsWpływ retardantów na zawartość wybranych makroelementów u odmian pszenicy ozimej
The effect of foliar application of Ekolist fertilizer on maize yielding and chemical composition
The influence of sulphate and elemental sulphur fertilization on yield, chemical composition of plants and chemical soil properties.
Influence of sulphur sulphate and elementary sulphur fertilization on the quantity and specific composition of fungi communities in the soil
Impact of Chemical Company Wizow on the content of fluorine in soil and plant
oddzialywania Zakladow Chemicznych'Wizow'na zawartosc fluoru w glebach i roslinach
Effect of elementary sulphur fertilization on the content of micronutrients in plants and soils. Part II. Manganese and iron
Contents of micronutrients in sewage sludges from selected sewage treatment plants of the lower silesia province
oddzialywania Zakladow Chemicznych Wizow na zawartosc mikroelementow w glebach i roslinach
Fertilizing value of poultry manure in the light of pot experiment
Perennial Ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) Response to Different Forms of Sulfur Fertilizers
Foliar Fertilization of Crop Plants in Polish Agriculture
Sulfur application alleviates chromium stress in maize and wheat.
Effect of retardants on the content of selected macroelements in winter wheat cultivars
Nawozy mineralne zrodlem skladnikow pokarmowych
The use of mineral and organic-mineral substances to improve properties of floded soils
Wykorzystanie preparatow mineralnych i mineralno-organicznych do poprawy wlasciwosci gleb z terenow popowodziowych
Nawozenie mikroelementami roslin uprawnych
Effect of growth regulators on length of stem, nitrogen reductase activity and chlorophyll content in leaves of some varieties of winter wheat.
The influence of growth regulators on chemical composition of stems of chosen winter wheat varieties.
The influence of applied organic and mineral preparations on yield and chemical composition of backweat cultivated on soils after flood
Wplyw regulatorow wzrostu na dlugosc zdzbla, aktywnosc reduktazy azotanowej i zawartosc chlorofili w lisciach wybranych odmian pszenicy ozimej
Investigation of fungal communities in the soil polluted with cadmium and fertilized with different organic materials
Effect of growth regulators on winter wheat varieties.
oddzialywania Zakladow Chemicznych'Wizow'na zawartosc siarki w glebach i roslinach
The influence of Chemical Company Wizow on the sulphur content in soil and plants
Contents of micronutrients in sewage sludges from selected sewage treatment plants of the Lower Silesia Province
Effect of elementary sulphur fertilization on the content of micronutrients in plants and soils. Part I. Copper and zinc
The influence of soil sorptive complex composition on concentration of mineral elements in cocksfoot.
Impact of Wizow chemical industry plant on the content of micronutrients in soil and plants
Influence of some industrial plants on the sulphur content in soils and plants
The influence of nitrogen fertilization applied on soils of different potassium and gnesium contents on the yield and chemical composition of maize and chemical soil properties
Impact of phosphorite powder fertilizing with potassium chloride addition
Chemical composition of plants cultivated in fields affected by the copperworks" Legnica"
Dzialanie nawozowe maczki fosforytowej z dodatkiem soli potasowej
20-letniego zroznicowanego nawozenia mineralnego na wlasciwosci gleby gliniastej. Cz. II
THE EFFECT OF FOLIAR APPLIED FERTILIZER EKOLIST ON THE YIELD AND CHEMICAL COMPOSITION OF SPRING WHEAT 
NAWOZENIA SIARKA ELEMENTARNA NA PLON 1 SKLAD CHEMICZNY ROSLIN ORAZ WLASCIWOSCI CHEMICZNE GLEBY
Suitability Of Selected Soil Extraction Solutions for Available Zinc Content of the Soils from Lower Silesia Province in Poland
ZAWARTOSC SIARKI OGOLNEJ I SIARCZANOWEJ W GLEBACH POLSKI POLUDNIOWO-ZACHODNIEJ
